we've arrived at the last individual of
an event number 26 of 28 the relays the
medleys will conclude things with this
duel in the pool but one last chance to
look at Michael Phelps and his specialty
the 200 fly rodders boys without a doubt
the class of the field here should be
interesting once again did not swim this
event at the World Championships first
time but he has been swimming a lot of
fly because we swear in the hunter fly
that is a little bit different than 200
vs on earth no question is in shape but
this is coming off the two events to
grinding events the 402 and I am so oh
come on for a guy that uh you're right
I'd be a piece of cake what am I talking
about all right so Phelps is in Lane 3
as they go for length to the pool on the
fly Davis tarwater the United States
wanted to keep an eye on he's in the
bottom lane there a couple away from
Phelps and I guess he's one of those
guys that's been able to benefit from
training with gulps me and Bob Bowman
Bob Bowman coaches both to our water and
Phelps when I talked to him about that
just a little while ago I asked him what
it's like to train with Michael and he
says just absolutely amazing so amazing
the fact that he went for the 157 hi to
156 7 over a second improvement on his
best time that goes World Championships
where he finished fourth he's gonna be a
big factor in the years to come
phelps won the 200 fly of course in
Athens one of six gold medals that he
won the two bronzes came to the 200 free
and the 400 freestyle relay car
water to below him and Travis never felt
of Australia up there in lane four about
Phelps you know it's gonna be a little
bit interesting we see how Michael
Phelps attacks this race he has the
forerunner medley relay coming up in
just a few short minutes so will he swim
just to win or will he swim that be able
to try to really put one out there at
this point early on there's no way he's
gonna go all out he's just gonna do just
enough I think to get out there and win
or even maybe even get second to tar
water who's done a nice job underneath
in lane number one go 12 for the
Americans and then get ready for that
relay he's gonna anchor the 400 medley
relay coming up did you say second to
tar water okay okay sup style I don't
care if he's in the backyard pool and
the parking lot I mean he doesn't want
to lose to tar water here no he doesn't
you're right i shocked if you lost it
well you know look at it it's kind of
close right now this is just the halfway
point granted but you know Davis tough
yeah keep looking at me like I'm nuts I
don't know I'm trying to make it
interesting okay you're right though I
mean Michael Phelps knows what he has to
do to be able to get in and where
I also think it really does he cut it
and then it keeps the eye on the prize
remember what we talked about earlier he
doesn't care what anybody else thinks he
went to swim those off of hitch like he
did this past summer qatar waters
looking office awfully good and Michael
Phelps is hurting a little bit so Chuck
tarwater has the lead and folks is about
a half second behind as they made the
last turn you know what then I may be
right on this somebody III hate to say
about high note our waters hurtin but
the thing is I don't think Phelps can
see him now Phelps is starting
accelerate you see the stroke her ovary
sometimes running over a lot now all
right it's it's it's Phelps it's gonna
be close very close but you know what
you're right you're all play-by-play guy
got you here you're right you are
absolutely right no way Davis I like you
I trained with you you're a good guy but
moms in the stands and she doesn't like
to see neoluzia the rest my mama he
really did accelerate that last few
meters boy I tell you he turned a night
very similar so what Jessica shipper did
in the women's Turner fly Phelps did to
the field here well two-car water anyway
puts it into a completely different gear
so tough triple he had one and IM 200 IM
and now the 200 fly and he's got to get
out and start warming down in a hurry
because he's got that foreigner medley
relay when we start to look at his start
this is a point where he's really
improved a lot he's right there in the
middle of the pool and proved a lot on a
start he still got a long way to go
remember he's still only 20 years of age
hard to imagine he just got out of those
teen years he seems like he was gonna be
a teenager forever yeah he just off the
water well honey yes yeah he's still
very young in the sport so he's gonna
get stronger in that starting in that
turning but here's the finished right
here you can't really see there's tar
water right there at the bottom of your
screen and you're right then okay wasn't
by much though little closer than he
would like 29 1 hundreds of a second but
he's still Michael Phelps rowdy you can
question me let's don't ever
question Michael Phelps 156 38 just
ahead of his teammate they teammate
there Davis tarwater